hi YouTube so today is going to be
review on some really awesome lashes
that I've tried in the past few week for
some reason these just like so natural
and very pretty you guys will see the
pictures in the up close how it actually
looks like and I'm pretty sure most of
you guys will agree with me how nice
they really like so the lashes that I
used to use are these stardoll lashes
and they come like this I believe these
are similar to like the red cherry
lashes and you know compared to these
stardoll lashes that I used to use these
lashes that I wear now are just unwhole
totally different another level they
these I feel like these are like top
quality up there so on to the actual
review these lashes are from pink icon
calm and they come in a very cute box
like this so you get two pairs for 14 or
16 dollars it sounds a little expensive
at first but really it's I mean it is so
expensive when it comes down to it it's
like six or eight dollars for a pair but
nowadays lashes are like four three or
four or five dollars for a pair and
seriously the quality of these pink icon
lashes are it's there in the price you
just trust me you will not regret pain
seven to eight dollars for these lashes
so this is how it looks like in the case
the band of course it's not invisible
but I feel like that just really helps
like make your lashes look a lot thicker
they're not comfortable at all which was
a surprise to me because I've tried like
lashes with very thick bands before and
I do not like them at all but these are
very flexible and just like real human
hair I forgot if these are a human hair
or synthetic hair but I'll put that in
their foot box down below for you guys
so yeah overall I just have to say I
really love these lashes these are going
to become my permanent lashes until I
find something better which I really
don't think I was going to take here
they are in a close-up they just I don't
know do you guys think they look natural
I think they look like super natural I
mean look at that I'll try to show you
guys from this side
since they were a little bit long I even
cut them off and can tell I like just I
stuck them on my bottom lashes and I
don't know to me just looks super
natural
we're not natural but like not so like
boom in your face and it just looks so
pretty so nice and fluttery for some
reason they just look so like fluffy and
fluttery they really look like this like
in the pictures this is holiday looks
like and when you wear them this is how
they look like and it's just really
awesome because I feel like sometimes in
photos they like Photoshop it to make it
look like so much better but seriously
this is this is just what you see is
what you get um the ones that I have on
are the lovely cat number two I believe
they have free worldwide shipping so I
don't know if you guys ever ordered from
China before but it takes like two to
three weeks I would say to get to the US
so if you want to order lashes for like
a special occasion I will make sure to
order two or three weeks ahead
and I will see you all in my next video